Docs 7997 ServiceNow 6.6.0 reference (#748)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/servicenow/servicenow-connector-examples.adoc

== Retrieve a ServiceNow Incident Record

> This example creates a Mule flow in Flow Designer that retrieves a record based on an incident number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a Mule flow in Flow Designer that retrieves a record based on an incident number:
```
This is probably silly and subjective, but when I hear "example," I expect to see syntax rather than user steps.

Author: Changed to "In these steps, you create..."

This example creates a Mule flow in Anypoint Studio 7 to retrieve records from the Incident table.

. Create a Mule project in Anypoint Studio. 

> . Add and configure an HTTP > Listener trigger for your flow with this path:

Reviewer: Is the trigger really called "HTTP > LIstener" or are you providing the clickpath?
Is *HTTP* part of the Studio palette, or is *HTTP Listener*?
Do you use the path to create the flow or does the flow include the path?
From what I can see here, this is my best guess:
```suggestion
. In *HTTP* > *Listener*, add and configure a flow trigger that includes the following path: 
```

. Add the Invoke operation from the ServiceNow connector after the Transform component.

. Set up, test, and save a ServiceNow configuration for the connection to the ServiceNow server. If the connection is unsuccessful, correct any invalid connection parameters, and test again. +
+
image::servicenow/servicenow-studio-connection-6.6.0.png[Servicenow studio connection]
+
image::servicenow/servicenow-studio-config-transport-tab.png[Servicenow studio config transport tab]
+
. In the *General* tab in the navigation, set *Service* to `incident` and *Operation* to `getRecords`. +
. Optionally you can choose *Show Reference Values* from the values (`ALL`, `TRUE`, `FALSE`) +
+

> IMPORTANT: In Studio version 7.5.0 and later you can choose `service` and `operation` keys without specifying the `Show Reference Values` key in order to resolve the metadata. However in older Studio versions metadata won’t be loaded until you specify all of the metadata keys and moreover it’ll result in a tooling Exception

Reviewer: Is "resolve the metadata" the goal of choosing... or the goal of the ...Values key? IOW, should this be "...and later you can resolve the metadata by choosing..."?
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: In Studio version 7.5.0 and later you can choose `service` and `operation` keys without specifying the `Show Reference Values` key to resolve the metadata. However, in older Studio versions, metadata won’t be loaded until you specify all of the metadata keys; moreover, using this approach results in a tooling Exception.
```
Substitute whatever it is for "using this approach"; did "it'll" refer to choosing the keys or not specifying the SRV key? (GLOBALLY watch out for "it" and what it is supposed to refer to.)

}
----

> If you choose for `Show Reference Values` the value `ALL` the response should look like this (several fields are omitted for brevity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `ALL` for `Show Reference Values`, the response is similar to this abbreviated output, in which the response element name for the display value field begins with `dv`:

----
{
  "headers": {

  },
  "attachments": {

  },
  "body": {
    "getRecordsResponse": {
      "getRecordsResult": {
        "active": "1",
        "dv_active": "true",
        "activity_due": "2020-05-07 13:14:19",
        "dv_activity_due": "2020-05-07 06:14:19",
        "additional_assignee_list": null,
        "dv_additional_assignee_list": null,
        "approval": "not requested",
        "dv_approval": "Not Yet Requested",
      }
    }
  }
}
----

> where the response element name for the display value field will be prefixed with `dv`. For more info https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/orlando-application-development/page/integrate/inbound-soap/concept/return-display-reference-variables.html[Servicenow - Display value].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about `dv`, see https://docs.servicenow.com/bundle/orlando-application-development/page/integrate/inbound-soap/concept/return-display-reference-variables.html[Servicenow - Display value].
```
